Add styleguide topics - Closes #824 (#826)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/building/pages/structure.adoc

=== Structure

== UI branches

The presentation of the documentation is stored completely separate from the actual content.

* `dev-antora`: This branch stores the Lisk docs UI used in development.
It's used in the staging environment.
* `antora`: This branch stores the Lisk docs UI used in production.
It's used in the production environment.

== The build branch
The `build` branch stores...

* ...the `site.yml` file, which is used to generate the Lisk Documentation using Antora.
* ...the `searchdocs-scraper` folder, for creating the search index.
* ...the `lib` folder, which stores the <<Asciidoc extensions>>, that are used in the Lisk documentation.

NOTE: More information under xref:{url_structure}[], xref:{url_staging}[] and xref:{url_search}[].

=== Asciidoc extensions

The following Asciidoc extension are used currently:

Tabs::
A clone of {url_gitlab_antora_extensions}.
+
.How to create 2 tabs in Asciidoc
[source,asciidoc]
----
[tabs]
=====
Tab1 title::
+
--
Tab1 content
--
Tab2 title::
+
--
Tab2 content
--
=====
----

== Working with git worktrees

It is highly recommended to use git worktrees when working with the Lisk documentation.

> This provides the option to conveniently work on different content branches and to deploy the docs on the go, without having to switch branches all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provides the option to conveniently work on different content branches and to easily deploy the docs simultaneously, without having to switch branches all the time.
```
